Sabrina, are you growling like a bear?
I can't get this jar open.
I'll do it, it's all in the wrist.
Oh man, that's on tight.
It looks like they're afraid the spaghetti sauce'll fall into the wrong hands.
What's up?
I can't get this jar open.
Oh, don't you know the trick?
Here, you whack it lightly to break the seal and there. uer!!
See? It's not so easy.
Well then, use magic.
Good idea. The finger is mightier than the wrist.
That should do it.
what is wrong with this jar?!
I give up.
You know it's great having supernatural powers
but for some things, we could really use a man around the house.
1x20. Meeting Dad's Girlfriend
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'll be there around dinner time.
Anything special you wanna do this weekend?
Maybe we could go to the ice show.
If that's what you want.
And maybe we can invite Harvey?
What a great idea.
O-ho!
That sounded too enthusiastic, forget I said anything.
Come on, I really wanna meet him.
Okay but you can't make a big deal out of it.
I won't, it'll just be a casual meeting between a father
and his daughters first serious boyfriend.
I'm glad you understand.
I gotta get to school.
Bye sweetheart.
See ya.
Morning.
You're running late.
Dad and I were trying to figure out our weekend plans.
D'you guys wanna go to the ice show tomorrow?
Oh I don't think so.
There will be little flash lights.
Definitely not.
Okay, then it's just me, dad and Harvey.
Harvey and Ted are meeting?
You didn't say that.
Now that's a show worth seeing.
Too bad, you already said no.
That'll be fine,
I'd love to meet your father.
Oh man, I should have worn an under shirt.
I promise you two will get along great.
Does he like sports?
No.
Does he know anything about cars?
Military aircraft?
Look, I'm sure you'll find something to talk about.
We could talk about you.
No!
Fine, don't say hi.
Sorry Salem, I'm just so excited about seeing my dad.
Has it been a month already?
Yeah.
But today's Tuesday right?
No, Friday.
Man, I was way off.
Is dad here yet?
No.
What's going on?
Hilda's still trying to open that jar of spaghetti sauce.
Oh, I think I've got it this time, Watch...
Don't watch.
Give it up.
Ted will be here soon and he'll open it.
Why, because he's a man?
Well yes.
That is so sexist.
They happen to have more upper body strength...
Oh, just because he's a man...
... that is not to say that...
That's enough out of both of you!
... doesn't mean...
Don't make me use the voice
Dad, you made it.
Hi Sabrina.
Hello Ted.
Oh I hate that voice, it sounds just like father.
I know, it's terrifying!
Sometimes I even scare myself.
Here, this is for you.
What is it?
It's a magic camera, takes photo's instantly.
You mean like a Polaroid?
We had the technology first. Try it.
Okay, well you guys stand together.
Did the flash work?
Yes.
almost.
You've been working on that jar for two hours.
See? Men aren't stronger,
they just keep trying longer than any sane woman would.
Ah, there.
Just in time for dinner.
Who wants spaghetti?
Not me, I'm mad at Italian food.
I don't know what I'm in the mood for.
I feel like Chinese.
Good idea.
It's on me.
It looks delicious.
And smells so aromatic.
Try the Peking Duck.
I can't understand a word you are saying.
And the Yak said 'Three days!'
I'm stuffed.
Who wants ice cream?
I do! I do!
I'll see what Salem wants.
Salem, do you want ice cream?
Speak English!
Oh!
Sorry. We're going out for ice cream, do you want some?
I shouldn't, but me down for a double scoop of pralines and cream.
Got it.
What's that?
Hello?
Hi, you must be Sabrina.
Who are you?
I'm a friend of your fathers, my names Gail. Is he home?
Yeah, hold on, I'll take you to him.
Dad, someone in the book wants to talk to you.
Who?
I think she said her names Gail.
Oh, I'll take it.
Hey.
Hi sweetheart, I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time?
No, not at all.
So what's up? I thought you were in court today?
Oh I was until Drell disintegrated the judge, so we adjourned for the weekend.
That's great.
I was hoping maybe I could join you?
Hold on, I'll check.
Busted.
Who's Gail?
Figure four-B?
Actually she's more than that.
Gail is my...
girlfriend.
You have a girlfriend! since when?
We've been seeing each other for about ten months.
Does mom know about this?
Honey,
your mom and I have been divorced for six years.
It has not been six years,
I was ten when you got divorced, I'm sixteen now, that would make it...
Six years.
So would you like to meet her?
I would.
Me too.
Sure, why not.
Great, you're going to really like her.
I've been waiting for just the right time to bring her around
and well, I guess this is it.
Come on out honey.
Stand back.
Those margins are tight.
Gail, this is Hilda, Zelda and my Sabrina.
It's so good to finally meet everyone, I've heard so much about you.
Well we've heard nothing about you, so we'll ask all the questions.
Smile.
Whoa! I think I blinked.
I think the whole block blinked.
It's a good one of you Ted.
Let me see.
Wow, can't remember the last time I pinged in a photo.
So Gail, you were just about to tell us how you and Ted met.
Actually it's very funny.
See, every year the book has a blood drive.
Well I always give because I'm E negative, which is kind of rare.
So, just as the nurse sticks me she points to Ted on the next cot
and tells me he's E negative too.
Well, I just couldn't resist turning to him and blurting out...
I got an 'A' in my history test.
That's great Sabrina.
Yes, it's wonderful but...
I want to hear the rest of Gail's story.
Oh, sorry.
That's okay.
So what did you say?
I said, 'I guess you're my type.'
Because of the E negative thing.
Oh right! Blood.
Very clever.
Oh look, here's our ice cream.
Did you ever notice how these sundae's have strata?
They do, see there's a layer of hot fudge,
a layer of ice cream and then more hot fudge.
I guess 'cause mom's an archaeologist I notice stuff like that.
That's fascinating.
And delicious.
Well that looks incredible.
Oh, d'you wanna bite?
Oh well, maybe just a taste.
Here, have some.
That's enough!
Sabrina, we're sharing.
She has coffee.
I think there's plenty for all of us.
No there's not.
I mean maybe there's enough ice cream and maybe there's enough whipped cream
but there's only two layers of hot fudge and that is not enough.
Then I'll tell you what.
We'll get you your own.
Oh no, he's gonna use the voice.
I don't want my own.
Sabrina, I didn't come here to steal you hot fudge, really,
I only wanted a bite.
Just a bite?
Yes.
Oh well, that's okay.
Do you want the cherry, I don't like em.
And the monster fun weekend continues. Who's up for charades?
I am, as long as I'm not on Hilda's team.
Same here.
Well I'll be on your team Hilda, and Sabrina?
I'll pass.
I'm just going to bring Salem his ice cream
and then I've gotta do some homework.
It's Friday night.
You know kids, we love our homework.
Gotta go.
She's taking this hard.
And covering so well.
Maybe I should go.
No, I'll just go have a talk with her.
Here cat, pig out.
Hey, you have to open the bag, I can't...
Oh Ted, fantastic. Listen, could you...
Not now, Salem.
Sabrina, I think we need to talk.
About what?
Your problem with Gail.
I don't have a problem with Gail.
Then she can come with us to the ice show tomorrow?
Absolutely not!
See? There is a problem.
Honey,
I know it's hard for you to accept a new woman in my life
but I have to move on.
We all have to move on.
Okay, but before you do,
just remember mom'll be getting her Ph.D soon and
maybe the two of you could get teaching jobs together at a small collage near a big City,
Villa Nova would be perfect.
That's a very sweet,
detailed thought,
that's not gonna happen.
How about Miami of Ohio?
No. Now I want you to do me a favour and come down stairs and give Gail a chance.
Can you do that?
Okay, but only because I'm a really big person.
Oh great, and you can be on aunt Hilda's team for Charades.
Noooo!
Oh this is good.
This is so good.
I mean did powdered wigs look good on anyone?
We're back.
Just in time, here's Ted in a kilt.
Put the photo album down!
Now, let's all sit and chat.
About what?
Well actually I'd like to hear more about you, Gail.
You would?
Yeah.
What do you wanna know?
I wasn't really paying attention before so
let's start at the beginning, erm. You're a lawyer right?
Right.
And you and my dad have been going out how long?
About a year.
So d'you think you'll get married?
-No.
-Yes. Did you say no?
Yes. Didn't you?
No.
You said yes?
Yes.
When I said no?
That's not good.
No.
Are you upset?
Yes.
Would you like to talk?
No.
I think we should.
Yes.
Okay, I know we've never discussed this
but I thought marriage was where we were heading.
Not me. Gail, you know I've done the marriage thing.
Well I haven't and I'd like to.
What are you doing?
Just looking for a page.
I think I need some time to re-evaluate everything we've ever said to each other.
Good bye.
What do I do?
Go after her.
Quickly.
She wants to be alone.
So,
who's up for charades?
What smells so funny?
Your dad was up a lot last night
and I guess he thought he'd be helpful by opening every jar in the house.
Would you like sweet gerkins for breakfast?
Not really.
So is dad still sleeping?
Nope.
Not now; Not ever.
Dad, what about the ice show, you're not dressed.
Isn't it casual?
Not that casual.
No problem, I'll change.
Quickly, Harvey's here.
Hey.
Hi.
Wow, you got all dressed up.
I wanted to make a good impression on your dad.
Is it too much?
Well he may ask you to do his taxes.
Did you put stuff in your hair?
No!...
Yes.
You must be Harvey.
I must.
This is my dad.
Nice to meet you.
Oh I forgot my camera, I'll be right back.
You guys get to know each other.
All set?
-Yeah.
-Let's go.
Hey if we have time maybe we could stop by the arcade.
These little flash lights were more fun when I was five.
Wow, Katarina Witt is really beautiful.
You think so?
Ooh! that had to hurt.
This is fun.
I don't think your dad's having too good a time.
What d'ya mean?
Well he sunk all those baskets
and it was like it meant nothing to him.
No, I think he just didn't want to rub our noses in it.
At least he hasn't tried to have a man to man talk with me.
Hey guys.
That was quick.
The line for sodas was really long so I got us carrot juices instead
and little boxes of raisins.
Yum, yum. I'll be back with somethin' to eat.
So Harvey,
how's life?
Fine, thanks for asking.
You mind if we have a talk,
man to man?
...No?
Okay,
here's the question.
If you love a woman,
d'you think you ought to marry her?
Well I....
Sure there are a million reasons not to but are any of them any good?
A few might be.
But how do you know when you're ready?
Maybe you never know,
maybe one day you just have to take that leap.
Sir, I'm only sixteen!
Mmm, chutney, olive, peanut butter casserole.
Oh, the pickled beets look great on top.
They're home.
Hi, did you have fun?
We had a blast.
Sauerkraut dandy?
Thanks.
Hey, d'ya know what I feel like doing now?
Playing solitaire.
We have to talk, upstairs.
Okay.
Are we in trouble?
What's going on?
I'm worried about dad,
I don't think he enjoyed the ice show.
I'm sure he had a fine time.
No, he got really hostile.
He even threw his souvenir Scott Hamilton cup at Scott Hamilton.
Did he get him?
That's not the point,
I think dad might be a little depressed. Look at this.
Oh, that's ketchup, not blood.
Anyway, I have an idea. I think I know how to make everything right.
Five hundred channels of mindless entertainment,
he'll love it.
Sabrina, I don't think pay per view is what will make your father happy.
I think the problem is he misses Gail.
He didn't mention her all day.
He didn't have to, this says it all.
See? His smiles more of a pain than a ping.
I can't stand to see him miserable, I've gotta do something.
Honey, maybe you've done enough.
I'm gonna go talk to Gail.
Do you think that's wise?
I'll let you know when I get back.
Hello?
Anyone?
May I help you?
I need to find someone but I don't know where they are.
Then you've come to the right place, this is the index and I am the index keeper.
Walker comma James T at your service and you are.
Hm, last name first.
Spellman comma Sabrina J?
Pleased to meet you. Now who are you looking for.
Her name is Gail.
Last name first!
I don't know her last name.
Cross reference.
Do you know anything else about her?
She's a lawyer.
There are one thousand three hundred and thirty two lawyers named Gail. You can start with Aardvark comma Gail Q.
I don't have time to go through a thousand Gail's.
Then I need more information.
I know she likes hot fudge.
We don't keep data on ice cream topping preferences.
What do you keep data on?
Shoe size, neck size, birth date, last book read, blood type, skin Ph, fatal flaw...
Wait! I know her blood type, it's um E negative.
A rare one.
that cuts down to two.
Boulder comma Gail and Kipling comma Gail.
Well I'm in kind of a hurry, is there anything else you can tell me about them?
Technically, I'm not supposed to say this but er,
one of these Gail's has an extremely high skin Ph.
Is your Gail scaly?
No.
Then I'd go with Kipling comma Gail. Page eight seventy-five.
Great, how do I get there?
Tube lift.
This will send you directly to your page.
Bend your knees.
Now where in the Hill comma Sam did I leave my keys?
Who is it?
Sabrina, can we talk?
Now is not a good time,
I'm very busy exploring the profit potential of Drell suing himself.
I'll be quick,
I just came to tell you how much my dad misses you.
Duly noted. Now if you don't mind I'm working.
But you can't just stop seeing him.
I'm sorry, I can't think about Ted
or anything else until I get these papers off my desk.
Then let me help you.
What do you think you're doing!
Your desk is clear, now can we talk?
You've got five minutes.
Good, I'll take them over here.
Look, I don't know much about adult relationships
but I know you're making a big mistake.
Oh really?
Yeah, my dad's the coolest.
I mean he's fun and thoughtful and kind,
and if there's a good movie on he'll let you stay up late.
I'm well aware of your father's good points,
that's why I said yes when you asked if I thought we'd get married.
So what's the problem?
He said no.
He just needs time.
The divorce was really hard on him and my mom,
they thought their marriage was gonna last for ever,
not twelve years which is a lot shorter.
So now he's a little freaked out
but just be patient.
I keep telling him he has to move on.
We all have to move on.
How much time do you think he'll need?
Well it's hard to say
but the question you have to ask yourself is not do you want to get married
but do you love my dad?
I do.
Then you should be together, it's as simple as that.
You know that love between two people is stronger than any legal document.
Yes,
but as a lawyer I'm not supposed to admit it.
Dad, someone's here to see you.
Do they have a three of clubs?
I'll leave you two alone.
Okay, we're down to the last three jars.
I'll eat the fluff,
you eat the marmalade,
we'll split the capers.
Deal.
Gail's back.
She is?
That's wonderful.
Yeah, I'm so happy for dad.
I'm really, really happy for dad,
but what about mom?
Why don't you call her in Peru, see how she's doing?
I talked to her yesterday, I just wish I could see her.
You could with the magic sneak-a-peek.
What's that?
It's a very powerful magnifier,
that allows you to key into anyone on the planet.
Isn't that like eaves dropping?
Yes, but the pictures too fuzzy to make anybody uncomfortable.
Just hold it up to the map in your magic book
and you'll see your mom.
Cool, thanks.
You're welcome.
That'll make her feel better.
Yeah.
You know it's crazy but this is really hitting the spot.
What are you doin'?
Taking a peek at my mom.
I see her, there she is!
I guess I don't have to worry about mom anymore.
She's happy?
Yeah, she loves her work..
and her colleague is really cute.
So I'm pleased to say everyone's moved on.
Not me, I'm stayin' put.
There's an exciting shaft of light on the ceiling
that'll keep me here for the next five hours.
So there is. Well enjoy it Salem,
you deserve it.
Hey, I pinged!
Go get em.
I still don't see why I had to be on aunt Hilda's team.
Ready?
It's a play.
Fifty-one word!
Six words.
First word.
Sounds like.
Air traffic controller.
Smiling air traffic controller.
I can't think of anything else.
Oh, cat on a hot tin roof.
Yes!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org